Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this video, we are going to be covering the introduction to ranges, as you already know, about
Rangers, how to define them.
So I won't take any time in this story, but I want to just show you some of the examples for how you
can create Rangers better, because so far what we have done is that we have only created Rangers with
numbers.
So in this story, I'm going to tell you that how many viewers basically you are going to have create
your Rangers now, for example, you want to create a range from zero to nine, then you can just write
in zero, dot, dot nine, and you already know what this is.
You will run it and you can see that you have got a range zero to nine.
Now, you must be thinking that why it hasn't printed numbers from zero one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine.
Because it don't simply this is a range and it now contains number from zero to nine in between it.
So, for example, you want to create a range from A to Z, then you can also created you can just write
in a single quotation marks, dot, dot, and then you can just write in that run it.
And you have this range that is from a dataset.
Then you can also create your customized Rangers' that is basically going to contain the subset of all
the number in between it.
For example, you want to create a range that is from, let's say, a B and you want to create it still
a E.
So now this range is basically going to contain certain subsets that are going to be a part of it.
So this range over here that is from a B to it is basically going to contain letters that are the subsets
of whatever lies in between these numbers.
So it is going to have a B, the number from which the range has started.
Then it is also going to contain a C, then it will have the third as a D and then it will have the
end range number that is a E.
So these are basically the number of subsets that can be formed in between these two ranges we have
specified and these maximum and this minimum range as well.
So if you just run this, it is going to also create a range for you, as you can see.
So this is basically customizer and you can have a range of your own type as well.
This is a billion range that is from A to Z.
This is a range from zero to nine.
And you can have any range.
For example, you want a range for capital letters so you can just write in.
And they said here on this, there's also a range, as you can see.
So this is how basically you can have ranges.
And Rangers are basically a very flexible data type in Ruby, and you can call on methods on a range
once it is defined.
So what kind of methods are going to be defined on ranges that we will start on from the next tutorial?
So for this tutorial, that's it.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next real.